FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
Weekly 
commentary
July 17, 2023
Applying our playbook to EM
•
We favor emerging market (EM) to developed market (DM) assets on a brighter 
macro backdrop. We get granular and harness mega forces, per our playbook.
•
U.S. bond yields slumped last week on softer CPI inflation data. We think still-
tight labor markets will compel the Federal Reserve to hold policy tight.
•
We look to this week’s U.S. data for more signs higher policy rates are cooling 
production and spending. We see policy staying tight even as activity weakens. 
We tapped into what’s proved a stealth rally in EM stocks and bonds, along with 
the DM stock gains this year. We still think EM assets have an edge over developed 
market (DM) peers in the first layer of our new playbook, the macro assessment. 
Inflation is cooling enough in key EMs to allow policy rate cuts. We get granular in 
our playbook’s second layer to find countries and sectors we like. Our third layer 
harnesses mega forces to capture structural shifts within EMs.
Visit BlackRock Investment 
Institute for insights on the 
global economy, markets 
and geopolitics.
Alex Brazier
Deputy Head –
BlackRock Investment 
Institute
Wei Li
Global Chief Investment 
Strategist – BlackRock 
Investment Institute
Source: BlackRock Investment Institute, with data from Refinitiv Datastream, July 2023. Notes: The chart shows yield levels 
for the JP Morgan Emerging Market Bond Index Global Diversified (EM hard currency), JP Morgan GBI-Emerging Market  
Bond Index Global Diversified and the benchmark U.S. five-year Treasury.
Michel Dilmanian
Investment Strategist –
BlackRock Investment 
Institute
We’ve preferred EM debt to DM long-term peers for some time. We went tactically 
overweight EM local currency debt in March, picking up higher yields for carry and
benefiting from a broadly weaker U.S. dollar plus tightening spreads this year 
(yellow line in chart). Higher EM yields remain attractive, but tightening spreads 
with Treasuries (pink line) lead us to consider switching to hard currency peers 
typically issued in U.S. dollars (orange line). But peaking DM policy rates should 
support EM currencies, bolstering EM local debt for now. DM rate hikes have hit EM
hard in the past, but we think they’re in a different spot now thanks to improved 
external balance sheets. We think that’s why we’re not seeing the EM asset volatility 
as in the 2013 taper tantrum. The Fed’s plan to taper bond purchases then sparked 
sharp EM capital outflows and currency depreciation. It’s the opposite now: capital 
inflows and stronger currencies are boosting returns in EM local currency bonds.
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL,  PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Axel Christensen
Chief Investment Strategist 
for Latin America —
BlackRock Investment 
Institute
Emerging market edge
Emerging market bond vs. U.S. Treasury yields, 2005-2023
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
2005 2007 2009 2011 2013 2015 2017 2019 2021 2023
Yield
EM hard currency
EM local currency
U.S. five-year Treasury
BIIM0723U/M-3004416-1/6
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
Assets in review
Selected asset performance, 2023 year-to-date return and range
Market backdrop
U.S. bond yields dropped and stocks climbed to 15-month highs last week as markets eyed an end in sight to the Fed’s rapid 
hiking cycle after the softer-than-expected June CPI data. Both two- and 10-year Treasury yields posted their sharpest weekly 
declines since the March banking turmoil. The labor market is key for what lies ahead for inflation. We see still-strong wage 
growth keeping core inflation elevated, compelling the Federal Reserve to hold policy tight.
A brighter EM macro and policy picture may also be underappreciated, in our view. DM central banks inching toward the end 
of rapid hikes is good for EMs – but a key difference is we think EM peers are closer to rate cuts as inflation falls. EM central 
banks were well ahead of DM peers in hiking – and some have hiked much more to bring inflation down quickly. Take Brazil: 
Policy rates have risen to just under 14% from 2% in 2021. When it comes to EM investing this year, much focus has been on 
China’s economy losing steam. But outside China, EM equities have staged a stealth rally with double-digit gains across 
Latin America and other parts of Asia. We see more upside there and more attractive valuations relative to DM economies as 
the policy picture and EM economic growth prospects improve, even as China’s restart sputters. That’s the first layer of our 
new playbook in action: our macro take in the context of what’s in the price.
The second layer of our new playbook is about getting granular. We go beyond broad EM exposures to find the brightest 
macro backdrops across countries and most attractive valuations under the surface. Within EM local currency bonds, we like 
Mexico for its quality tilt and Brazil for its exceptional carry from still-high bond yields. Our playbook also calls for being 
nimble. EM is not disconnected from global growth, so we are constantly watching for how that may affect the EM backdrop.
We also get granular in sectors and regions and use the third layer of our playbook – harnessing mega forces – to capture 
returns now and in the future. We see five big structural forces transcending the macro backdrop: digital disruption and 
artificial intelligence (AI), geopolitical fragmentation, the low-carbon transition, aging populations and the future of finance. 
We see abundant EM equity opportunities through these mega forces – what matters is what markets have priced. The 
semiconductor industry is powering AI and is a key part of the EM technology sector. A rapidly growing population in India 
sets the country apart from DMs. India's system of digital payments also bodes well for the future of finance there, we believe: 
It could pave the way for a credit boom as banks adapt lending. We think the low-carbon transition presents an important 
opportunity for Latin America, especially for countries that hold large reserves of key resources like copper and lithium. The 
rewiring of supply chains due to global fragmentation could also have significant implications for countries like Mexico that
could benefit if U.S. companies bring operations and production closer to home.
Bottom line: Our new playbook leads us to favor EM over DM assets. We see a brighter policy outlook as some EMs stand 
ready to cut policy rates. We get granular in EM debt across countries and in EM equities by harnessing mega forces.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Indexes are unmanaged and do not account for fees. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
Sources: BlackRock Investment Institute, with data from Refinitiv Datastream as of July 13, 2023. Notes: The two ends of the bars show the lowest and highest returns at any point in the 
last 12-months, and the dots represent current year-to-date returns. Emerging market (EM), high yield and global corporate investment grade (IG) returns are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
and the rest in local currencies. Indexes or prices used are: spot Brent crude, ICE U.S. Dollar Index (DXY), spot gold, MSCI Emerging Markets Index, MSCI Europe Index, Refinitiv Datastream
10-year benchmark government bond index (U.S., Germany and Italy), Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global High Yield Index, J.P. Morgan EMBI Index, Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Global Broad Corporate Index and MSCI USA Index.
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL,  PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
-20%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
Brent crude
U.S. dollar index
German 10-year Bund
U.S. 10-year Treasury
Hard-currency EM debt
Global corporate IG
Global high yield
Gold
Italian 10-year BTP
EM equities
European equities
U.S. equities
Total return
2023 range
Year-to-date
BIIM0723U/M-3004416-2/6
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
Investment themes
1   Holding tight
•
Markets have come around to the view that central banks will not quickly ease policy in a world shaped by supply 
constraints – notably worker shortages in the U.S. 
•
We see central banks being forced to keep policy tight to lean against inflationary pressures. This is not a friendly
•
backdrop for broad asset class returns, marking a break from the four decades of steady growth and inflation known 
as the Great Moderation.
•
Economic relationships investors have relied upon could break down in the new regime. The shrinking supply of 
workers in several major economies due to aging means a low unemployment rate is no longer a sign of the cyclical 
health of the economy. Broad worker shortages could create incentives for companies to hold onto workers, even if 
sales decline, for fear of not being able to hire them back. This poses the unusual possibility of “full employment 
recessions” in the U.S. and Europe. That could take a bigger toll on corporate profit margins than in the past as  
companies maintain employment, creating a tough outlook for DM equities. 
•
Investment implication: Income is back. That motivates our overweight to short-dated U.S. Treasuries.  
2  Pivoting to new opportunities
•
Greater volatility has brought more divergent security performance relative to the broader market. Benefiting from 
this requires getting more granular and eyeing opportunities on horizons shorter than our tactical one. We go 
granular by tilting portfolios to areas where we think our macro view is priced in.
•
We think dispersion within and across asset classes – or the extent to which prices deviate from an index – will be 
higher in the new regime amid the various crosscurrents at play, allowing for granularity. That offers more ways to 
build portfolio “breadth” via uncorrelated exposures, in our view.
•
We think it also means security selection, expertise and skill are even more important to achieving above benchmark 
returns. Relative value opportunities from potential market mispricings are also likely to be more abundant.
•
Investment implication: We like quality in both equities and fixed income.
3   Harnessing mega forces
•
Mega forces are structural changes we think are poised to create big shifts in profitability across economies and 
sectors. These mega forces are digital disruption like artificial intelligence (AI), the rewiring of globalization driven by 
geopolitics, the transition to a low-carbon economy, aging populations and a fast-evolving financial system. 
•
The mega forces are not in the far future – but are playing out today. The key is to identify the catalysts that can 
supercharge them and the likely beneficiaries – and whether all of this is priced in today. We think granularity is key 
to find the sectors and companies set to benefit from mega forces.
•
We think markets are still assessing the potential effects as AI applications could disrupt entire industries.
•
Geopolitical fragmentation, like the strategic competition between the U.S. and China, is set to rewire global supply 
chains, we think. 
•
The low-carbon transition causing economies to decarbonize at varying speeds due to policy, tech innovation and 
shifting consumer and investor preferences. Markets have historically been slow to fully price in such shifts. 
•
We see profound changes in the financial system. Higher rates are accelerating changes in the role of banks and 
credit providers, shaping the future of finance.
•
Investment implication: We are overweight AI as a multi-country, multi-sector investment cycle unfolds. 
Macro take
The U.S. core CPI inflation for June came in at 0.2% month-
on-month, down from 0.4% in May and below expectations. 
One element of that was unsurprising: the drag from goods 
prices. See the chart. We expected goods prices to fall as 
consumer spending normalized following a surge in goods 
consumption during the pandemic. Some of that started in 
the second half of last year (see the orange bars in the chart) 
and it reoccurred in June, driven by a decline in used car 
prices. We see more goods deflation ahead, reinforcing our 
view that overall inflation will be on something of a 
rollercoaster in coming months. 
The real surprise was that core services inflation excluding 
housing was flat on the month. We think this could be a one-
off and unlikely to happen again this year: It’s difficult to see 
how core services inflation can be so low with wage growth 
remaining strong. We still think core inflation is proving 
persistent at levels well above the Fed’s 2% target. And 
that’s why we think the Fed will still hike rates later this 
month. See our Macro take blog posts here.
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL,  PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Inflation rollercoaster
Contribution to monthly core CPI inflation, 2021-2023
Source: BlackRock Investment Institute, U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics with data from Haver 
Analytics, July 2023. Notes: The chart shows the contribution of individual components to 
overall monthly core Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation. Rent refers to owners’ equivalent 
rent. The core services ex shelter contribution is the contribution of “Services less energy 
services” inflation after excluding owners' equivalent rent.
-0.2
0
0.2
0.4
0.6
Jun-21
Dec-21
Jun-22
Dec-22
Jun-23
Percentage points
Core services ex-shelter
Rent
Core goods
Core CPI inflation (monthly)
BIIM0723U/M-3004416-3/6
Overweight
Underweight
—
Neutral
▼
▲
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
Week ahead
July 17
China GDP, industrial 
production 
July 19
UK CPI
July 18
U.S. industrial production, 
retail sales; Canada CPI
July 20
U.S. Philly Fed business 
index
Directional views
Strategic (long-term) and tactical (6-12 month) views on broad asset classes, July 2023
Underweight
Neutral
Overweight
n Previous view
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL,  PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
We look to U.S. data out this week for more signs that higher policy rates are cooling production and spending. CPI data 
across developed markets will likely show persistently high inflation – making central banks hold tight on policy. We’re also 
focusing on GDP and industrial data for China to gauge to what extent its economic restart is losing steam. 
Note: Views are from a U.S. dollar perspective. This material represents an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and is not intended to be a forecast of future 
events or a guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research or investment advice regarding any particular funds, strategy or 
security. 
  
  
       
       
Asset
Strategic
Tactical
Commentary
Equities
Developed
We are overweight equities in our strategic views as we estimate 
the overall return of stocks will be greater than fixed-income 
assets over the coming decade. Valuations on a long horizon do 
not appear stretched. Tactically, we’re underweight DM stocks 
as central banks’ rate hikes cause financial cracks and 
economic damage. Corporate earnings expectations have yet to 
fully reflect even a modest recession. 
Emerging
Strategically, we are neutral as we don’t see significant earnings 
growth or higher compensation for risk. We are overweight 
tactically on brighter growth trends in EM over DM, still 
appealing valuations and EM rate cycles nearing their peaks.
Developed market 
government bonds
Nominal
Higher-for-longer policy rates have bolstered the case for short-
dated government debt in portfolios on both tactical and 
strategic horizons. We stay underweight nominal long-dated 
government bonds on both horizons as we expect investors to 
demand more compensation for the risk of holding them. 
Tactically, we are neutral on euro area and UK long-term bonds 
because higher yields better reflect our view.
Inflation-linked
Our strategic views are maximum overweight DM inflation-
linked bonds where we see higher inflation persisting – but we 
have trimmed our tactical view to neutral on current market 
pricing in the euro area.
Public credit and emerging 
market debt
Investment grade
We are neutral investment grade credit due to tightening credit 
and financial conditions but see it playing an important income 
role in portfolios on both horizons.
High yield
Strategically, we are neutral high yield as we see the asset class 
as more vulnerable to recession risks. We’re tactically 
underweight. Spreads don’t fully compensate for slower growth 
and tighter credit conditions we expect.
EM debt
Strategically, we're neutral and see more attractive income 
opportunities elsewhere. Tactically, we’re overweight local-
currency EM debt. We see it as more resilient with EM central 
banks closer to cutting rates than DM counterparts.
Private 
markets
Income
-
We are strategically overweight private markets income. For 
investors with a long-term view, we see opportunities in private 
credit as private lenders help fill a void left by a bank pullback.
Growth
-
Even in our underweight to growth private markets, we see areas 
like infrastructure equity as a relative bright spot.
  
  
  
  
       
       
       
       
       
       
  
  
  
  
  
  
BIIM0723U/M-3004416-4/6
Overweight
Underweight
—
Neutral
▼
▲
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
Granular views
Six- to 12-month tactical views on selected assets vs. broad global asset classes by level of conviction, July 2023
Asset
View
Commentary
Equities
Developed markets
United States
We are underweight the broad market – still our largest portfolio allocation. We don’t 
think earnings expectations reflect the macro damage we expect. We recognize 
momentum is strong near term.
Europe
We are underweight. The European Central Bank keeps tightening in a slowdown and 
the support to growth from lower energy prices is fading. 
UK
We are underweight. The Bank of England is hiking sharply to deal with sticky inflation. 
While equities price in more downside risk, we await policy clarity.
Japan
We are neutral. Bank of Japan policy is still easy, shareholder-friendly reforms are 
taking root and negative real rates support equities.
Pacific ex-Japan
We are neutral. China’s restart is losing steam and we don’t see valuations compelling 
enough to turn overweight.
DM AI mega force
We are overweight. We see a multi-country and multi-sector AI-centered investment 
cycle unfolding set to support revenues and margins.
Emerging markets
We are overweight. We see brighter relative growth trends in EM over DM, valuations 
remain appealing and EM rates cycles are nearing peaks.
China
China’s economic restart is fading, yet low inflation creates space for more policy 
easing. The bar for upside surprises is low given current valuations. Structural 
challenges like geopolitical risks persist.
Short U.S. Treasuries
We are overweight. We prefer short-term government bonds for income as interest rates 
stay higher for longer.
Long U.S. Treasuries
We are underweight. We see long-term yields moving up further as investors demand 
greater term premium. 
Fixed Income
U.S. inflation-linked 
bonds
We are overweight and prefer the U.S. over the euro area. We see market pricing 
underestimating sticky inflation.
Euro area inflation-
linked bonds
We prefer the U.S. over the euro area. Markets are pricing higher inflation than in the 
U.S., even as the European Central Bank has signaled more interest rate hikes ahead. 
Euro area govt bonds
We are neutral. Market pricing better reflects rates staying higher for longer. We see risk 
of wider peripheral bond spreads due to tighter financial conditions. 
UK gilts
We are neutral. We find gilt yields better reflect our expectations for the macro outlook
and Bank of England policy. 
Japanese govt bonds
We are underweight. We see upside risks to yields from the Bank of Japan winding down 
its ultra-loose policy.
China govt bonds
We are neutral. Bonds are supported by looser policy. Yet we find yields more attractive 
in short-term DM paper.
Global IG credit
We are neutral on tighter credit and financial conditions. We prefer Europe’s more 
attractive valuations over the U.S.
U.S. agency MBS
We’re overweight. We see agency MBS as a high-quality exposure within diversified bond 
allocations. 
Global high yield
We are underweight. Spreads do not fully compensate for slower growth and tighter 
credit conditions we anticipate.
Asia credit
We are neutral. We don’t find valuations compelling enough to turn more positive.
Emerging hard 
currency
We are neutral. Better fundamentals and undemanding valuations are offset by the risk 
from rising U.S. yields.
Emerging local 
currency
We are overweight. EM central banks are closer to cutting rates than DM counterparts.
Underweight
Neutral
Overweight
n Previous view
  
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Note: Views are from a U.S. dollar perspective. This 
material represents an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and is not intended to be a forecast or guarantee of future results. This information should 
not be relied upon as investment advice regarding any particular fund, strategy or security. 
       
       
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL,  PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
  
  
  
       
       
       
  
       
  
  
       
  
  
  
       
  
  
  
  
BIIM0723U/M-3004416-5/6
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
General disclosure: This material is intended for information purposes only, and does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation or an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any 
securities to any person in any jurisdiction in which an offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. This material may contain 
estimates and forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts and do not represent a guarantee of future performance. This information is not intended to be complete or 
exhaustive and no representations or warranties, either express or implied, are made regarding the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. The opinions expressed 
are as of July 17, 2023 and are subject to change without notice. Reliance upon information in this material is at the sole discretion of the reader. Investing involves risks.
In the U.S. and Canada, this material is intended for public distribution. In the European Economic Area (EEA):  this is Issued by BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. is authorised and regulated by 
the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. Registered office Amstelplein1, 1096 HA, Amsterdam, Tel: 020 – 549 5200, Tel: 31-20-549-5200. Trade Register No. 17068311 
For your protection telephone calls are usually recorded. In the UK and Non-European Economic Area (EEA) countries: this is Issued by BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited, which is 
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL, Tel: +44 (0)20 7743 3000. Registered in England and 
Wales No. 00796793. For your protection, calls are usually recorded. Please refer to the Financial Conduct Authority website for a list of authorised activities conducted by BlackRock. In 
Italy, for information on investor rights and how to raise complaints please go to https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/compliance/investor-rightavailable in Italian. For qualified 
investors in Switzerland: This document is marketing material. This document shall be exclusively made available to, and directed at, qualified investors as defined in Article 10 (3) of the 
CISA of 23 June 2006, as amended, at the exclusion of qualified investors with an opting-out pursuant to Art. 5 (1) of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA"). For information 
on art. 8 / 9 Financial Services Act (FinSA) and on your client segmentation under art. 4 FinSA, please see the following website: www.blackrock.com/finsa. For investors in Israel: 
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is not licensed under Israel’s Regulation of Investment Advice, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995 (the 
“Advice Law”), nor does it carry insurance thereunder. In South Africa, please be advised that BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is an authorized financial services provider 
with the South African Financial Services Board, FSP No. 43288. In the DIFCthis material can be distributed in and from the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) by BlackRock 
Advisors (UK) Limited — Dubai Branch which is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). This material is only directed at 'Professional Clients’ and no other person 
should rely upon the information contained within it. Blackrock Advisors (UK) Limited - Dubai Branch is a DIFC Foreign Recognised Company registered with the DIFC Registrar of 
Companies (DIFC Registered Number 546), with its office at Unit 06/07, Level 1, Al FattanCurrency House, DIFC, PO Box 506661, Dubai, UAE, and is regulated by the DFSA to engage in 
the regulated activities of ‘Advising on Financial Products’ and ‘Arranging Deals in Investments’ in or from the DIFC, both of which are limited to units in a collective investment fund (DFSA 
Reference Number F000738)In the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, issued in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) by BlackRock Saudi Arabia (BSA), authorised and regulated by the Capital 
Market Authority (CMA), License No. 18-192-30. Registered under the laws of KSA. Registered office: 29th floor, Olaya Towers – Tower B, 3074 Prince Mohammed bin Abdulaziz St., 
Olaya District, Riyadh 12213 – 8022, KSA, Tel: +966 11 838 3600. The information contained within is intended strictly for Sophisticated Investors as defined in the CMA Implementing 
Regulations. Neither the CMA or any other authority or regulator located in KSA has approved this information. The information contained within, does not constitute and should not be 
construed as an offer of, invitation or proposal to make an offer for, recommendation to apply for or an opinion or guidance on a financial product, service and/or strategy. Any distribution, 
by whatever means, of the information within and related material to persons other than those referred to above is strictly prohibited. In the United Arab Emiratesis only intended for -
natural Qualified Investor as defined by the Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA) Chairman Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 concerning Promoting and Introducing Regulations. 
Neither the DFSA or any other authority or regulator located in the GCC or MENA region has approved this information. In the State of Kuwait, those who meet the description of a 
Professional Client as defined under the Kuwait Capital Markets Law and its Executive Bylaws. In the Sultanate of Oman, to sophisticated institutions who have experience in investing in 
local and international securities, are financially solvent and have knowledge of the risks associated with investing in securities.  In Qatar, for distribution with pre-selected institutional 
investors or high net worth investors.  In the Kingdom of Bahrain, to Central Bank of Bahrain (CBB) Category 1 or Category 2 licensed investment firms, CBB licensed banks or those who 
would meet the description of an Expert Investor or Accredited Investors as defined in the CBB Rulebook. The information contained in this document, does not constitute and should not 
be construed as an offer of, invitation, inducement or proposal to make an offer for, recommendation to apply for or an opinion or guidance on a financial product, service and/or strategy.  
In Singapore, this is issued by BlackRock (Singapore) Limited (Co. registration no. 200010143N). This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore.  In Hong Kong, this material is issued by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited and has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. 
In South Korea, this material is for distribution to the Qualified Professional Investors (as defined in the Financial Investment Services and Capital Market Act and its sub-regulations). In 
Taiwan, independently operated by BlackRock Investment Management (Taiwan) Limited. Address: 28F., No. 100, SongrenRd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei City 110, Taiwan. Tel: (02)23261600. In 
Japan, this is issued by BlackRock Japan. Co., Ltd. (Financial Instruments Business Operator: The Kanto Regional Financial Bureau. License No375, Association Memberships: Japan 
Investment Advisers Association, the Investment Trusts Association, Japan, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association.) For Professional 
Investors only (Professional Investor is defined in Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). In Australia, issued by BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited ABN 13 006 
165 975 AFSL 230 523 (BIMAL). The material provides general information only and does not take into account your individual objectives, financial situation, needs or circumstances. In 
China, this material may not be distributed to individuals resident in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”, for such purposes, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) or entities 
registered in the PRC unless such parties have received all the required PRC government approvals to participate in any investment or receive any investment advisory or investment 
management services. For Other APAC Countries, this material is issued for Institutional Investors only (or professional/sophisticated /qualified investors, as such term may apply in local 
jurisdictions). In Latin America, no securities regulator within Latin America has confirmed the accuracy of any information contained herein. The provision of investment management and 
investment advisory services is a regulated activity in Mexico thus is subject to strict rules. For more information on the Investment Advisory Services offered by BlackRock Mexico please 
refer to the Investment Services Guide available at www.blackrock.com/mx
©2023 BlackRock, Inc. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a trademark of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their 
respective owners.
BlackRock Investment Institute
The BlackRock Investment Institute (BII) leverages the firm’s expertise and generates proprietary research to provide 
insights on macroeconomics, sustainable investing, geopolitics and portfolio construction to help Blackrock’s portfolio 
managers and clients navigate financial markets. BII offers strategic and tactical market views, publications and digital 
tools that are underpinned by proprietary research. 
Not FDIC Insured • May Lose Value • No Bank Guarantee
FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL,  PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
BIIM0723U/M-3004416-6/6
